README.md, before:

﻿<img src="Logos/SIAPS_Name%2BUSAID.Horz.png" width="150"> &nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="Logos/MSH_4c.png" width="75">

# PViMS
The SIAPS Program is funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) under cooperative agreement AID-OAA-A-11-00021 and implemented by Management Sciences for Health. The information provided on this web site is not official U.S. Government information and does not represent the views or positions of the U.S. Agency for International Development or the U.S. Government. 

Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability

The PViMS software, documentation and other products, information, materials and services provided by Management Sciences for Health (MSH or Licensor) are provided “as is.” Licensor hereby disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or other (including all warranties arising from course of dealing, usage or trade practice), and specifically disclaims all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, licensor makes no warranty of any kind that this software or documentation, or any other licensor or third-party goods, services, technologies or materials (including any software or hardware), or any products or results of the use of any of them, will meet the users’ or other persons' requirements, operate without interruption, achieve any intended result, be compatible or work with any other goods, services, technologies or materials (including any software, hardware, system or network), or be secure, accurate, complete, free of harmful code or error-free. Licensor is not responsible for further development or any future versions of PViMS.

Copyright Management Sciences for Health.

Commit message:

Added link to demo site.

README.md, after:

﻿<img src="Logos/SIAPS_Name%2BUSAID.Horz.png" width="150"> &nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="Logos/MSH_4c.png" width="75">

# PViMS
The SIAPS Program is funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) under cooperative agreement AID-OAA-A-11-00021 and implemented by Management Sciences for Health. The information provided on this web site is not official U.S. Government information and does not represent the views or positions of the U.S. Agency for International Development or the U.S. Government. 

Visit http://dc-cpm-pvimsdemo.msh.org/ to try a demo version of the software. You may login with the name of User and the password of User/User123!

Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability

The PViMS software, documentation and other products, information, materials and services provided by Management Sciences for Health (MSH or Licensor) are provided “as is.” Licensor hereby disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or other (including all warranties arising from course of dealing, usage or trade practice), and specifically disclaims all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, licensor makes no warranty of any kind that this software or documentation, or any other licensor or third-party goods, services, technologies or materials (including any software or hardware), or any products or results of the use of any of them, will meet the users’ or other persons' requirements, operate without interruption, achieve any intended result, be compatible or work with any other goods, services, technologies or materials (including any software, hardware, system or network), or be secure, accurate, complete, free of harmful code or error-free. Licensor is not responsible for further development or any future versions of PViMS.

Copyright Management Sciences for Health.
